[kubernetes] Add kubernetes getting started doc (#3135)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry.io: content/en/docs/kubernetes/collector/components.md

Components covered in this page:

- [Kubernetes Attributes Processor](#kubernetes-attributes-processor): adds

>   Kubernetes metadata to application incoming telemetry.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Kubernetes metadata to incoming application telemetry.
```

    - memory
```

> For specific details about which metrics are collected, see

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To learn more about the metrics that are collected, see
```

[Default Metrics](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-collector-contrib/blob/main/receiver/k8sclusterreceiver/documentation.md)

> For specific configuration details, see

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For configuration details, see
```
